dynamo tv is presented to you by
asti your partner for apple computer
systems and development
hello and welcome to
press conference of sg dynamo dresden
after the third league match against big
pressure and second team I welcome
all guests in the premises of
Stadiums and the two coaches
hereof Dortmund next to me by borussia
david wagner our head coach stefan
Citizen how to get the first word
Gast as you can see after the 1 1 in
dresden from well that I'm happy
about the circumstance of the then in the
it is clear I passed
But I am also satisfied with the performance
from our boys at least 25 min
we are very bad in the game
come
dresden had a lot of field advantages
had also exerted pressure against this
phase also earns in leadership even though
It's a standard as a clear one
neglected allocation
after these 25 minutes or 30 minutes
I do not know exactly how long it was
I think we are relatively good in too
had gotten this game on
today throughout the game
many chances from 14 15 16
where we always have one
Kirsten has held
So the ball versprungen since we were
just not good
And in the end it is definitely one
of course, because of the time
happy point we bring but that
match course according to mine
eyes deserved to the first halftime
dresden the second to us and
accordingly you share here the
Points
I am stressful and do everything well
for the remaining season without end
These fall this city has earned it
rise
a play back of the round then without
but otherwise he should collect points
what you can thank you
Many thanks for your words has trainer
how does your conclusion after 1 1 in from
The cabin would now be minutes long
a pin falls to the ground
It was so quiet and rightly so
The disappointment is huge with us
all
about the renewed stroke of the neck we
but had to plug one here
Team seen around a team
who played much better
all the time those with passion
has fought who has purely popped
David said defensively well
We have the rooms from the beginning
to get well against lively
dortmunder player that's not quite so
easy but we got along well
have you been the kid away from the gate
kept and have our part but
also one or the other possibility
there was still going on
and the end is known what the
Total power I can only
state that we said each other
last clear and also right
have picked up criticism for this game
today no criticism deserves because the
player everything went out and yes
unfortunately only one point is rewarded
Thank you
thank you very much for your statement
Now how is time for your questions
with the request for a short hand sign
then the microphone comes to you who
makes the beginning
no questions then thank you for
your attention is ours
guests from dortmund a pleasant and
sure in one way many thank you bye